[Music]
also son of man
take a clay tablet and lay it before you
and portray on it a city Jerusalem lay
siege against it build a siege wall
against it and he pop a mound against it
set camps against it also and place
battering rams against it all around
moreover take for yourself an island
plate and set it as an iron wall between
you and the city set your face against
it and it shall be besieged and you
shall lay siege against it this will be
a sign to the house of Israel lie also
on your left side and lay the iniquity
of the house of Israel upon it according
to the number of the days that you lie
on it you shall bear their iniquity for
I have laid on you the years of their
iniquity according to the number of the
days three hundred and ninety days so
you shall bear the iniquity of the house
of Israel
and when you have completed them lie
again on your right side then you shall
bear the iniquity of the house of Judah
forty days I have laid on you a day for
each year therefore you shall set your
face toward the siege of Jerusalem your
arms shall be uncovered and you shall
prophesy against it
and surely I will restrain you so that
you cannot turn from one side to another
till you have ended the days of your
siege also take for yourself wheat
barley beans lentils millet and spelt
put them into one vessel and make bread
of them for yourself during the number
of days that you lie on your side three
hundred and ninety days you shall eat it
and your food which you shall eat shall
be by weight twenty shekels a day from
time to time you shall eat it you shall
also drink water by measure one-sixth of
a hint from time to time you shall drink
and you shall eat it as Bali cakes and
bake it using fuel of human waste in
their site so shall the children of
Israel eat their defiled bread among the
Gentiles where I will drive them Lord
God indeed I have never defiled myself
from my youth till now I have never
eaten what died of itself or was torn by
beasts nor has a Bominable flesh ever
come into my mouth see I am giving you
cow dung instead of human waste and you
shall prepare your bread over it
son of man surely I will cut off the
supply of bread in Jerusalem they shall
eat bread by weight and with anxiety and
shall drink water by measure and with
dread that they may lack bread and water
and be dismayed with one another and
waste away because of their iniquity
you